Update office-add-ins-community-call.md (#4989)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/office-add-ins-community-call.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We have changed the schedule to 7:00 AM Pacific Time. If you still have the old calendar invite that starts at 8:00 AM Pacific Time, please remove it and download the latest one at <https://aka.ms/officeaddinscommunitycall>.

## Agenda for Febuary 12th, 2025 call

> The agenda for the Febuary Office Add-ins community call will be posted at the week of the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agenda for the February Office Add-ins community call will be posted on the week of the call.
```
